[Music]
Maria Patiño Maria Patiño is super
happy
and super content Rocío Flores follows
Marta Riesgo but Marta Riesgo follows
Rocío can you confirm that for me
Can you confirm that for me about its truth,
that is true Well Maria Patiño from
here please
By the way, speaking of Maria Patiño I don't
know if I've said it all afternoon but
today I uploaded a
spectacular video Today I uploaded a spectacular video to
my main channel, an
incredible course I'm telling you okay It was a whole
night of work okay You already
know that I didn't sleep I stayed
up all night to bring you this
content so you could enjoy it and you
have it on my main channel okay I
watch it
this time it's so much that I don't watch it
Where is it that I don't watch it You have a
chess video with Alan de Also on
my gameplay channel too, it didn't stop
having content here you have the video
okay On my main channel Hub and
Oliveira here you have the video Maria
Patiño sentences herself and sinks in the
second part of Carlota
Corredera's video okay Listen to me  you have to
see it I'm not saying any more you have to see it and
now I'm going to show you something and we
sent you an audio I have to listen to
several thank you very much dude dude
under thank you very much welcome
but he sent me an audio that I have to
listen to they
tell me
Maite thank you very much Maite welcome they
tell me that that's false that they follow
each other please don't put that on us don't
put that fake news on us they
follow each other okay that wasn't it
Maria Patiño today she is super happy
super happy because since she is crazy
if they both follow each other we have already seen
how she is super crazy because she has no
credibility and her opinion is worthless
another super crazy because her opinion doesn't count of
course this has come to her like a
party and we're going to see how she is
celebrating it
how you are celebrating it okay
masks and good morning masks and
good morning
today we will talk about lies with
capital letters the ring when
I would like but I can't today I am going to
remember what I said three months ago
to better substantiate whether my sources
are great or not we will see each other on sálvame
your sources are Cibeles and Neptuno
several Patiño those are your source and the
source from here  down here
below the park is also your fountain fountain
Marta from the sofa of Cantora I don't know I don't
know now we will remember these she sends them
through tweeting we will remember her that
is very important do not fail us from
this live it is everyone who is
entering right now in this live the
most viewed live of all the
heart channels today is this okay do not
leave this live of maybe if they
confirm it to me before I leave at
six thirty
or I can say something okay and it is that
maybe Antonio was going to talk now we
see
María Patiño your sources Cibeles
shifts literally today in the video that I
just uploaded on the main channel
each and every one was dismantled but each and
every one I could not paste here 48 hours
48 hours putting click on María Patiño
lie dismantled click on María Mariño
lie dismantled click on María Patiño
lie dismantled javi calls Antonio the
view imagines malo imagines Malú
Cartagena that she called him and picks up the
phone gives us explanations  here in my
live it would be
the [ __ ] it wouldn't be the [ __ ] no
patiño measures 1 38 account still lasts
thank you very much we needed it several
patiño without my sources are great are
or maria patiño I'm
going to remember what I said three
months ago maria remember what you said nine months ago
remember what you said nine months ago okay
let's put a little bit of the video in fact
of maria patiño of course why don't we
put a little bit of the video
look
so you can see if you're a liar mother
patiño look
so you can see go on the 22 to maria patiño
anger
this this part outside
and that lack of credibility according to
rocio it is her right to give her opinion what she
considers appropriate I am the same
person to whom she told the times
that she had called her mother so that I could
tell it on television her handsome in
catalan 19,000 and powerful
I gave myself I don't know about you but
I gave myself sometimes one night
in the mouth I gave it but well listen to me powerful
powerful that I had been
splicing all night and I did a live in
the afternoon another  at night and I
directly started to write the script,
structure the information and I would get you at
9 in the morning with this face I will
record it for you in the morning, in the morning
with this face without sleeping much cloth and
I am the same person with whom she
was talking to so that she would tell on
television some false information that had been
given about her and this I am the
same person with whom she was
talking to so that she would tell to
speak on television about some
false information that had been given
about her it is that it is that it really is to
eat Maria Patiño de vida is that she
never had a restraining order
when she was convicted of abuse habit
to solita
in habitual abuse they repeat it over and over
again
just like today in the
reading magazine they are talking about more than one
alleged infidelity
that nobody sees Sálvame not today or any I
am already with the version of Maika Vasco
the gdl has you macha steals and
tentacles thanks Maria
thank you very much Maria well let's see you
don't watch the TV factory see
Xavi Oliveira okay see Xavi see him go
Listen to me, pay attention to these, the same
journalist who was talking to her
so that she would talk about
false information that had been given about her so
that she would tell
false information on television that had been given about
her so that she would tell
false information on television that had been given
about her, she also had a
restraining order when she was convicted of
habitual abuse and it's that she never had
a restraining order from her mother,
several Patiño that false information, the
district would
inform her of this information that she has given
but the possibility of speaking with people
who can directly identify
this is an article from September
2019, María Patiño assumes the words she
is saying and does not attribute them to
anyone. This is the lawyer who is the one who
signs this truth. It turns out that after their
confrontation when Rocío Flores was
16, her sources are with doubts María
Patiño but she hopes that they are on the part
of I wanted to put something good also
any good part it
was María Patiño's source from
Mario Marín's source, listen
and it was a very cordial relationship,
those of us who were on the street
knew that they were separated but in
the same way that I give you Antonio David  let's
say that they maintained an
ambiguity about a possible
reconciliation this is not like that okay what she
is telling her is not like that on
other occasions she is not going to tell it like that
Carrasco himself and Antonio David as you already
know they separated in the summer of 1999
and they did not have time to
publicly pretend much cordiality because
in September of 99 she announced it to the
press as we were seeing in this
video here in September of 99 Rocío
Carrasco announced the separation and in
November a cover was made an
exclusive explaining the separation and
calling Antonio David an unfaithful well in
March four months later Antonio David
goes to the raffle and defends
the young woman and lived his life and Antonio
had been in
a relationship with Sonsoles for years now he says
that Rocío Carrasco was not reluctant to his
life because he did not take out the young woman and no
one had been in a relationship with this
Sonsoles for years he is tired of the documentary that
Sonsoles herself has denied María
Patiño had enough the documentary said that they had
lived something else
what  wanted to and how he could because he also
let himself be photographed on the beach
kissing with hands from beach bars at
if we don't go
the couple was seen with additive theater seeing
the children and as there was a photo
providing help vice entered the home
in that increase the incision was said
couple crisis but antonio david to
lucílio towards separate life andrew davis
was very smart don't ask me why
oven ready or not it came out that for
a time he didn't have relationships with
women go so that nobody credibility
maria patiño it doesn't matter that now suddenly it
comes out that antonio look go patiño although
now suddenly it came out that antonio
david has
a chalet with 25 rooms with a
woman he put in each room to
choose every day of the month although antonio
david was the most womanizing guy in the
world and 800 rolls came out
you wouldn't have credibility anyway
maria patiño
face it don't be ruined each one of us has to
know our
limitations
each one of us has to recognize our
limitations life is like that I know that I can't go
down the stairs talking on
whatsapp because  I fall okay well you
acknowledge your part no no no your opinion is
worthless we don't want it at all
your videos are worthless it doesn't matter your
opinion is not yours it may be okay
but it could be whoever it is who
has you by the ear that day your opinion is
worthless it doesn't matter
what you say it doesn't matter
what comes out yet
your opinion is worthless Maria Patiño okay
a new concept of
law firm my house
super happy
super happy and that they
cheat on another woman that's what you
are Maria Patiño super happy like that I mean it would make
you happy if they
cheated on organs vario
Patiño
Maria Patiño really
before the road would have given an
engagement ring to Marta riesgo according to a
socialite according to a socialite
the paloma
know how to drive tractors
according to a socialite
the cows
eat chocolate
according to a socialite there was a trial where there
were videos of Antonio hitting the
posters
and according to a socialite
the weirdos put on cowboy screens
what news are you several Patiño
what are you flattering some people who
call yourself several pestiño in private
and it escapes from them  every now and then in
public
what credibility are you going to have
super happy new strategy
confuse with the times
lies protect a strata posts
nonsense the variable of the day
posts nonsense María Patiño on
Twitter
no way
no María Patiño who posts some
nonsense you think is cool but you're not
and I'm really telling you this as a favor
person I ask you please do
you think a journalist do you
think a journalist can
write on her official Twitter account
with half a million followers
her last name in lowercase
sua ask me to provide information remove it remove it
want to live it it takes you
30 seconds María Patiño it
takes 30 seconds to
write a real biography not
here journalist in lowercase injects herself
I put a real biography
presenter of socialite and of sálvame
de luxe and I would like to continue being one
all my life that's why I'm going to give my opinion what
my boss tells me with a well
written biography without spelling mistakes without
punctuation and well written there
are no journalists this is not info  I do
n't have to simply put what
you do,
put your last name correctly with the
capital p because everyone who's watching it is giving me the creeps
and it's bothering me, it
's bothering me
[Music]